Brother, what's wrong with you?
It's okay, I'm just saying it casually
I'm sleepy, you should rest early, good night.
Ah!
I don't know what happened.
Recently, I always feel that my brother is weird
Buttface, what do you think?
Hey, men's thinking is really unpredictable
It's still my Lucy, okay, I miss Lucy so much
When are you going to let me go to Dunlucy?
Look at the building you poked me before
Now you dare to ask me
Brother Junjun will save you
No matter who you are with in the future
My brother wishes you well
Brother, you haven't slept yet?
I just fried some dried fish for you to eat
I don't eat dried fish
Dried fish
Don't you like to eat dried fish?
Dried fish is so delicious, how could I dislike it?
Give it to me
Hmm, it smells good.
This is not my sister at all
Only brother will save you
You won't let this cat control your body